My site's purpose is to be a portfolio of my work at EDA. At this stage it hosts a blog and some other pointless details
that i put there to fill in space. So, I guess the purpose really is to be a way of presenting my work in a clear, user friendly way.

I know exactly who my target audience is... the members of the hihi cohort... This means I have to really flex on them and incorporate as much needlessly technical stuff as i possible... I'm thinking flaming skull gifs, rotating, multicolor text, and a tiled low rez jpeg for the background. I know the members of my cohort are prolific online trolls so I will have to hire the strictest moderators to oversee my comments section and silence dissenting posters.

I kinda want my site to be super simple. user friendly and attractive. but simple. You could say I want to build the site in my own image. The homepage is going to be like the title page in a book. You already know what the book is called... it's on the cover. But we take comfort in turning to the title page, briefly glancing over it and next thing you know youve finished the first page of the book in a matter of seconds. At this rate you will finish the book in a matter of minutes. You have become a reading savant... Damn, Im getting carried away again. But yeah, Homepage is almost as pointless as the title page of a book but it gets you to where you wanna go... and that's to the content, baby. The user will be able to interact with the home page by using their computer's mouse and touchpad to click on several buttons. One of these buttons, will be titular blog, and it will take you to the titular blog.

On the blog it's a whole other story. There's like way more information. You've got all these walls of text for users to skim read through which is already way more words than on the homepage.They are gonna have to be pretty small to fit it all on. But not only do i have the blog itself on this page, I probably need to link all the other blogs i have written on this same page. I probably wont put every blog on the same page. That'd look like way too much reading and people might close the tab, which is any websites worst case scenario... I will probably put little pictures with a real short summary of what each blog is about... that way people can make there mind up about what they want to read and what they dont.


